Hey guys
Welcome to cannabis in hot a tip
For you, that's the case here today.
making the engine oil change
santana here motor p
on the occasion I will also change here the
why oil here?
also that it is and points out that
difference difference that indicates that
any metal particle and be
This present in the looks will get stuck here in the
rush up here and the next exchange
oil
you'll be able to identify
problems in your engine as wear
brass and other components
it's a low investment guarantee life
long has motor
This one I found in the free market.
site here the lm exclusive accessories of
internet has in the market free price 35
much cheaper real
in the sequence will show the installation of
even on the engine
There , people already installed here at the catar
touch applied that's it
the component that always guarantees the
performance and the duration of your engine
more time
beauty who liked shares until
next
thanks